en: update doc for deploying TiDB cluster on ACK (#62)
pingcap/docs-tidb-operator: en/deploy-on-alibaba-cloud.md

    cd tidb-operator/deploy/aliyun
    ```

>     You can create or modify `terraform.tfvars` to set the variables, and configure the cluster to fit your need. You can view the configurable variables and their descriptions by `variables.tf`. The following is an example of how to configure the ACK cluster name, the TiDB cluster name and the number of nodes in PD, TiKV, and TiDB.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    You can create or modify `terraform.tfvars` to set the values of the variables, and configure the cluster to fit your needs. You can view the configurable variables and their descriptions in `variables.tf`. The following is an example of how to configure the ACK cluster name, the TiDB cluster name and the number of PD, TiKV, and TiDB nodes.
```

    ```
    cluster_name = "testack"
    tidb_cluster_name = "testdb"
    tikv_count = 3
    tidb_count = 2
    pd_count = 3
    ```

    After the configuration, execute the following commands to initialize and deploy the cluster:

    {{< copyable "shell-regular" >}}

    ```shell
    terraform init
    ```

>     Input "yes" to confirm execution when you run the `apply` command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Input "yes" to confirm execution when you run the following `apply` command:
```

    helm ls
    ```

### Deploy the TiDB cluster and monitor

1. Prepare the `TidbCluster` and `TidbMonitor` CR files:

    {{< copyable "shell-regular" >}}

    ```shell
    cd manifests/ && mv db-monitor.yaml.example db-monitor.yaml && mv db.yaml.example db.yaml
    ```

    To complete the CR file configuration, refer to [TiDB Operator API documentation](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/blob/master/docs/api-references/docs.html) and [Configuring TiDB Cluster](configure-cluster-using-tidbcluster.md).

    > **Note:**
    >
    > * Replace all the `TIDB_CLUSTER_NAME` in the `db.yaml` and `db-monitor.yaml` files with `tidb_cluster_name` configured in the deployment of ACK.

>     > * Make sure the numbers of nodes in PD, TiKV, and TiDB are the same as the `replicas` field in `db.yaml`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    > * Make sure the number of PD, TiKV, and TiDB nodes is the same as the `replicas` value of the corresponding component in `db.yaml`.
```

> **Warning:**
>

> > If you already have a VPN connecting to your VPC or plan to set up one, it is strongly recommended to set `db-monitor.yaml` - `spec.grafana.service.annotations` - `service.beta.kubernetes.io/alicloud-loadbalancer-address-type` to `intranet` for security.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> If you already have a VPN connecting to your VPC or plan to set up one, it is strongly recommended that you go to the `spec.grafana.service.annotations` section in the `db-monitor.yaml` file and set `service.beta.kubernetes.io/alicloud-loadbalancer-address-type` to `intranet` for security.
```

## Upgrade

To upgrade the TiDB cluster, modify the `spec.version` variable by executing `kubectl --kubeconfig credentials/kubeconfig edit tc <tidb_cluster_name> -n <namespace>`.

This may take a while to complete. You can watch the process using the following command:

{{< copyable "shell-regular" >}}

```shell
kubectl get pods --namespace <namespace> -o wide --watch
```

## Scale

To scale the TiDB cluster, modify `tikv_count` or `tidb_count` in the `terraform.tfvars` file, and then run `terraform apply` to scale out the number of nodes for the corresponding components.

After the nodes scale out, modify the `replicas` of the corresponding components by running `kubectl --kubeconfig credentials/kubeconfig edit tc <tidb_cluster_name> -n <namespace>`.

## Destroy

1. Refer to [Destroy a TiDB cluster](destroy-a-tidb-cluster.md) to delete the cluster.

2. Destroy the ACK cluster by running the following command:

    {{< copyable "shell-regular" >}}

    ```shell
    terraform destroy

>     ```	```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ```
```

> If the Kubernetes cluster is not successfully created, the `destroy` operation might return an error and cannot be executed. In such cases, remove the Kubernetes resources from the local state manually:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the Kubernetes cluster is not successfully created, the `destroy` operation might return an error and fail. In such cases, manually remove the Kubernetes resources from the local state:
```

{{< copyable "shell-regular" >}}

```shell
terraform state list
```

{{< copyable "shell-regular" >}}

```shell
terraform state rm module.ack.alicloud_cs_managed_kubernetes.k8s
```

It may take a long time to finish destroying the cluster.

> **Note:**
>
> You have to manually delete the cloud disk used by the components in the Alibaba Cloud console.

## Configure

### Configure TiDB Operator

> You can set variables in `terraform.tfvars` to configure TiDB Operator. Most configuration items can be modified after understanding the semantics based on the comment of `variable`. Note that the `operator_helm_values` configuration item can provide a customized `values.yaml` configuration file for TiDB Operator. For example:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can set variables in `terraform.tfvars` to configure TiDB Operator. Most configuration items can be modified after understanding the semantics based on the comments of the `variable`. Note that the `operator_helm_values` configuration item can provide a customized `values.yaml` configuration file for TiDB Operator. For example:
```

> You can set variables in `terraform.tfvars` to configure TiDB Operator. Most configuration items can be modified after understanding the semantics based on the comments of the `variable`. Note that the `operator_helm_values` configuration item can provide a customized `values.yaml` configuration file for TiDB Operator. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can set the variables in `terraform.tfvars` to configure TiDB Operator. Most configuration items can be modified after you understand the semantics based on the comments of the `variable`. Note that the `operator_helm_values` configuration item can provide a customized `values.yaml` configuration file for TiDB Operator. For example:
```

### Configure the TiDB cluster

> See [TiDB Operator API Documentation](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/blob/master/docs/api-references/docs.html) and [Using TidbCluster](configure-cluster-using-tidbcluster.md).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
See [TiDB Operator API Documentation](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/blob/master/docs/api-references/docs.html) and [Configuring TiDB Cluster](configure-cluster-using-tidbcluster.md).
```

>
> You can copy the `deploy/aliyun` directory. But you cannot copy a directory on which the `terraform apply` operation is currently performed. In this case, it is recommended to clone the repository again and then copy it.

> 

Reviewer 2: Please keep this section here, no need to move to the front.

Author: This is to keep it consistent with the [Chinese doc](https://github.com/pingcap/docs-tidb-operator/blob/master/zh/deploy-on-alibaba-cloud.md). Please confirm whether we should move it.
